# 

- Unity
  - Unity brings state-of-the-art, affordable multiplatform tools and services to developers of interactive content everywhere. Unity is the ultimate game development platform. Use Unity to build high-quality 3D and 2D games, deploy them across mobile, desktop, VR/AR, consoles or the Web, and connect with loyal and enthusiastic players and customers;

- Panda3D
  - An open-source, cross-platform, completely free-to-use engine for real-time 3D games. It is a game engine that includes graphics, audio, I/O, collision detection, and other abilities relevant to the creation of 3D games.
  - Panda3D's intended game-development language is Python. The engine itself is written in C++ and utilizes an automatic wrapper-generator to expose the complete functionality of the engine in a Python interface. This approach gives a developer the advantages of Python development, such as rapid development and advanced memory management, but keeps the performance of a compiled language in the engine core. For instance, the engine is integrated with Python's garbage collector, and engine structures are automatically managed.

  - Panda3D is a scene graph engine. This means that the virtual world is initially an empty Cartesian space into which the game programmer inserts 3D models. 

  - Derived Production: [Ursina](https://github.com/pokepetter/ursina)

- Unreal Engine
  - The engine, including full access to source code, is free to use; a 5% royalty is due only when you monetize your game or other interactive off-the-shelf product and your gross revenues from that product exceed $1,000,000 USD.
  - 劝退贴: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/129689221


- Tkinter
  - https://github.com/TomSchimansky/CustomTkinter
  - https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Python-GUI-Programming-with-Tkinter
  - https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Python-GUI-Programming-with-Tkinter-2E
  - 它是Python的一部分，这意味着没有任何额外的东西需要下载
  - 它使用简单的语法
  - 文本和画布部件非常强大且易于使用
  - 它在Mac和Windows上使用本地部件

- [Kivy](https://github.com/kivy) 
  - The Open Source Python App Development Framework.
  - Build and distribute beautiful Python cross-platform GUI apps with ease.
  - Kivy is released under the MIT License, is 100% free to use, and is professionally developed, backed and mantained.
  - 它没有提供一个原生的用户界面
  - 社区和采用率相对较小
  - 因为包含了Python解释器，所以其包的大小总是很大。

- OpenGL
  - https://github.com/JoeyDeVries/LearnOpenGL.git

## Decisions about them

> When I started to learn game development, I've tried to use Unity multiple times because it's the most popular option. But never get it worked because of the clunky UI which is very hard to understand for a new user. After some time, I've decided to try UE4 despite there was a lot of rumors that it's "heavy" or requires an AAA team. And suddenly it clicked, everything works as I expecting, UI is clear and much more powerfull, no need to build custom tools to work on the game itself. Blueprints are very helpful for beginners, C++ has a lot of "syntax-sugar" - macroses, a lot of convenient in-engine types for everything. Later while working with Unreal, I've realized it has very consistent roadmap with constant improvements and adding new features. At the same time, each major version update is painless so you can upgrade your project during development to get new features. UE4 is free to use with the full list of features and you only have to pay royalty after getting your first $1 million from the project (and that's just the default case, you can always discuss custom license with an upfront fee, if you want to).

> I chose Unity over Unreal Engine because Unity has a more user friendly UI for beginners looking to learn game development. Additionally, as someone who uses a lot of online resources to learn new languages and tools, I found a lot of tutorials covering game development with Unity as the core engine. This doesn't mean Unreal is not a great choice for game development, I just personally found learning game development much smoother with the amount of resources available with Unity.



